---
layout: index_page
title: CPH2 Team
permalink: /cph2_team/
---

Clive Brook – Chairman and CFO
==============================
Clive qualified as a Chartered Accountant in 1973 and since then has had a wide range of commercial & financial experience, having worked in industry, venture capital ( where was a main-board director of 3i plc, then the UK’s largest venture capital business) and corporate finance. His role in CPH2 is to spearhead long term strategic development, provide team leadership, locate and negotiate finance and ensure proper corporate governance and accounting protocols are enacted.
He has considerable experience in early stage businesses and in raising capital for such businesses. He has also advised the UK government and various other public sector bodies, mainly in relation to SME development and venture capital
He is a Director of The North West Fund, a £155 million venture capital fund utilising ERDF and EIB money, which has to be invested in SMEs in the North West of England. This fund has an Energy & Environmental sub-fund, with which Clive has been closely associated. He also runs an FCA regulated corporate finance business which has energy clients.
Nigel Williamson – Technology Director
Nigel has spent most of his life developing technologies for sealing high pressure fluids, and holds numerous patents for sealing technologies, manufacturing processes and machines.  In his early years, Nigel ran 4 departments of Dunlop Hydraulic Hose Division in Sheffield and then headed up its US operations.  During this time, he devoted his spare time to the development of the patented sealing technologies mentioned earlier, and worked with companies and institutions such as NASA, General Dynamics, Moog, Rolls Royce, Alstom, General Motors, Ford Chrysler, VW/Audi, Mercedes Benz, BMW, TRW, Bosch, Delphi, Case, Deere, Terex and others in the construction industry to eliminate leaks in products and production plants across the UK, Europe and the USA.
In order to manufacture and market these technological advances, he established NWD International, Inc. (Nigel Williamson Developments) in Michigan, USA, (57 employees) which he ran until the expiration of his visa, following which he set up and ran a factory in Born, NL (115 employees) to supply his technology and others to European Automotive Industry OEMs.
Since this time in the Automotive, Mass Transit and Aerospace Industries, he has been involved in the Hydrogen Industry, serving 5 years as Chief Engineer at ITM Power Plc in Sheffield, helping to take them from having no saleable products to being the largest electrolyser development company in Europe.
Nigel recognised during his time at ITM that the cost of PEM electrolysis is too high, and set about the development of the technologies which are now the subject of this funding application, building a team of highly skilled and appropriate people around him in order to realise his ambition of providing the energy industry worldwide with an affordable, scalable and robust energy storage technology.

Charles Monroe – Engineering Director
==============================
Charles Monroe has worked as an engineer in the cryogenic sector for over twenty five years bringing innovative engineering to new applications and prototype systems for industry and research establishments.
He graduated from Cambridge University with a degree in Engineering and qualified as a Chartered Engineer with the Institution of Mechanical Engineers shortly afterwards.  In 2006 he was elected a Fellow of the Institution of Mechanical Engineers.
His first job in 1984 was with Oxford Instruments working in a project team to design and build liquid helium cooled superconducting magnets for the science and instrumentation sector.  He followed this with two positions at Air Products and then Sapio Srl in Italy developing and implementing new technologies using liquid nitrogen typically for the pharmaceutical and manufacturing sector.  This and subsequent consultancy assignments has given a breadth of knowledge across the cryogenic sector and the engineering experience to apply this to product development.
Since 1997 he has run his own business as an engineering consultancy for both industrial clients and research establishments in Europe and the USA including Diamond Light Source Ltd, Brookhaven National Laboratory USA, Sigmaphi in France, Oxford Instruments, Babcock Noell GmbH, Air Products PLC, Sapio Srl in Italy, Culham Centre for Fusion Energy and Tokamak Energy Ltd.
The range of technologies has included cooling with liquid helium, liquid nitrogen, cryocoolers and conventional refrigeration technology.  The applications have included carbon capture and storage, clean-up systems for storage waste generated during the decommissioning of nuclear power stations and the fusion power technologies

Rodney Brook - Advisor
=======================
Rodney Brook is a graduate in electrical engineering of Imperial College, University of London  and is a Chartered Engineer. His 30-year career with major organisations of over 30 years’ duration started in power cables R&D but most of his experience was gained with Eastern Electricity, culminating in the role of Chief Technical Engineer. He has a broad and deep knowledge of requirements for system balance and managing power on electricity distribution networks. His transfer to electricity supply business with Eastern and TXU following the development of competitive electricity markets, led to many successes in regulatory, technical and commercial activity relating to the supply, trading and balancing of electricity. This includes the development and connection of distributed generation and the challenges now faced in balancing electricity generation and demand due to the volatility, and non-despatchability of renewables.

Joe Scott – Non-Executive Director
==============================
Joe is a qualified Production Engineer, having started out with Ford. He specialised in research & development of advanced machining technology (‘EDM’). His entrepreneurial drive led him to establish his own tool and mould making company, in which he developed the first CAD/CAM-based paperless toolmaking processes. His customers included Motorola, Apple, Intel etc. The business’ unique selling proposition was its reduction in lead times from 16 weeks to 6 weeks.
These clients required his business also to produce mouldings on a similar timescale; this required a high level of robotics, providing a cost effective offering compared with Far Eastern manufacturers.  He still owns and runs this business which continues to thrive. As Joe’s strength is in product development & design, when CPH2 required innovative designs for its electolyser process, it turned to Joe to provide the most cost-effective solution. He has funded, through his other business, the development of an on-vehicle electrolysis technology, and is committed to providing a high level of input, both on the product design, development aspects, and also on commercial matters.
